wifi: Migrate to nRF70 upstream (#16753)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-2.6.0.rst

* Disabled the following features:

  * :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_read_client` in most Matter samples using the new :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_ENABLE_READ_CLIENT` Kconfig option.

>   * WPA supplicant advanced features in all Matter samples using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_NM_WPA_SUPPLICANT_ADVANCED_FEATURES` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: I don't think we should rename old release notes. Normally I've just removed linking so doc build succeeds but tech writers can comment:
```suggestion
  * WPA supplicant advanced features in all Matter samples using the ``CONFIG_WPA_SUPP_ADVANCED_FEATURES`` Kconfig option.
```

Author: Ah, I just reverted this change, I will update to remove the linkage to Kconfig.

Reviewer 2: Agree. Change it to ``CONFIG_WPA_SUPP_ADVANCED_FEATURES``.

Author: Already did, thanks.
